Scheduler events (#500)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/scheduler/events.md

}
````

## OnItemClick

The `OnItemClick` event fires when the user clicks on an appointment in the Scheduler. 

> It provides a `SchedulerItemClickEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` field to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change its parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.

Reviewer: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/295104/what-is-the-difference-between-a-field-and-a-property

```suggestion
It provides a `SchedulerItemClickEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` property and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` property to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change the Scheduler parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.
```

                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 26, 11, 30, 0),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 11, 26, 12, 0, 0)
            },

            new SchedulerAppointment
            {
                Title = "Planning meeting",
                Description = "Kick off the new project.",
                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 25, 9, 30, 0),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 11, 25, 12, 45, 0)
            },

            new SchedulerAppointment
            {
                Title = "Trip to Hawaii",
                Description = "An unforgettable holiday!",
                IsAllDay = true,
                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 27),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 12, 07)
            }
    };

    public class SchedulerAppointment
    {
        public string Title { get; set; }
        public string Description { get; set; }
        public DateTime Start { get; set; }
        public DateTime End { get; set; }
        public bool IsAllDay { get; set; }
    }
}
````

## OnItemDoubleClick

The `OnItemDoubleClick` event fires when the user double clicks on an appointment in the Scheduler. 

> It provides a `SchedulerItemDoubleClickEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` field to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change its parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides a `SchedulerItemDoubleClickEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` property and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` property to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change the Scheduler parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.
```

                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 26, 11, 30, 0),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 11, 26, 12, 0, 0)
            },

            new SchedulerAppointment
            {
                Title = "Planning meeting",
                Description = "Kick off the new project.",
                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 25, 9, 30, 0),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 11, 25, 12, 45, 0)
            },

            new SchedulerAppointment
            {
                Title = "Trip to Hawaii",
                Description = "An unforgettable holiday!",
                IsAllDay = true,
                Start = new DateTime(2019, 11, 27),
                End = new DateTime(2019, 12, 07)
            }
    };

    public class SchedulerAppointment
    {
        public string Title { get; set; }
        public string Description { get; set; }
        public DateTime Start { get; set; }
        public DateTime End { get; set; }
        public bool IsAllDay { get; set; }
    }
}
````

## OnItemContextMenu

The `OnItemContextMenu` event fires when the user right clicks on an appointment in the Scheduler. 

> It provides a `SchedulerItemContextMenuEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` field to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change its parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides a `SchedulerItemContextMenuEventArgs` object to the event handler and you can get the `Item` property and cast it to your own model. If you set the `ShouldRender` property to `true`, the component will re-render. This can be useful if you need to change the Scheduler parameters or state during the event execution and especially if you need to execute `async` logic in the event handler.
```
